At the end of the last video I mentioned going back and fixing a couple other tests inside of our order
service rather than going off topic.
Let's just stick to what we were doing before.
Let's write out some tests around our ticket.
Updated Listener.
So we'll write out some tests around that and then we'll get back to fixing some tests inside of our
roots directory specifically.
Those are the ones essentially that are failing right now.
All right.
So we're going to write some tests out around the ticket, update the listener.
I've got an open right here.
The test we're going to write out around this listener are going to be very similar in nature to the
ones we already put together for ticket created.
We will create an instance of this listener.
We will create a fake data object.
And a fake message will then call on message with those fake arguments.
And then we'll write out some assertions to make sure that this thing finds a ticket inside the ticket
collection, makes a change to it, and saves that update back to the ticket collection.
We'll also probably write out a separate test once again to make sure that this thing eventually calls
the function.
So let's get to it inside of our listeners test directory.
I'm going to make a new file of ticket updated listener tests.
I will once again create a setup function.
At the very top.
And I'm going to put some comments in outside of this thing just to guide myself.
I know we've gone through one set of function already.
This one's going to be almost identical, but there will be one or two very small changes.
So I would like to just throw in a couple of very quick comments.
So inside of setup, we're going to first create a listener.
This time around, we're going to create and save a ticket into our tickets collection.
This is going to be the ticket that we are trying to update will create and save a ticket.
Well, then create a fake data object that describes some update that we're going to make to that ticket
we just saved.
We'll create a fake message object and then return all of this stuff.
Then what do we really want to test here?
Well, let's write out two kind of stubs for tests.
Let's say it finds.
Updates.
And saves.
A ticket.
So that's going to be really our success case right there.
And we'll also throw in another test here, very similar to the last one as well, something that just
says it acts the message.
I could certainly write out a couple of comments inside of both these, but I bet you can imagine what's
going to happen.
We're going to call the setup function, get all this stuff kind of set up for us, then call on message
and then write out an expectation or two.
Very similar to what we just did a moment ago inside of Ticket Created.
All right.
So let's get to it.
First thing we have to do right here, create a listener.
To create the listener, we have to import our ticket updated listener.
So the actual class, we also need to import the Nats wrapper because remember to create an instance
of a listener, we have to provide a Nats client.
So at the very top.
I will add in an import for ticket updated listener.
From up one directory ticket updated listener.
I will also get my Nets rapper.
From three directories up.
That's rapper.
Then our listener.
Will be a new ticket.
Updated listener.
That's rapper client.
After that, we'll go ahead and create and save our ticket.
To do so, we need access to our ticket model.
So I will make sure that I import.
Buy ticket model.
From up three directories as well.
Models ticket.
When we build a ticket, we have to provide a ID for this ticket.
Because remember, the idea here is that we're sharing the same ID for all these different tickets across
our different services.
In order to provide some ID or an existing ID, we have to generate an ID on the fly and to generate
an ID, we're going to use Mongoose.
Remember, Mongoose has a reference to that object ID constructor that we can use to make a new ID.
So I will also import.
Mongoose from mongoose.
So we can then create our ticket.
That will be a ticket build.
And then if we forget what properties we have to add, as usual, just mess over.
So we've got to provide that ID.
That's why we just imported Mongoose.
We're going to generate that ID on the fly.
A title enterprise.
So our ID will be mongoose.
That types object ID that two x.
String.
Then a title.
A use concert and a price.
Of 20.
That's going to create the ticket in memory.
It creates just the document.
Now we have to actually take this ticket and save it to our IT tickets collection.
So I will do and await ticket dot save like so.
Next up, our fake data object.
So this is going to be the thing that describes some update to our ticket.
If we need a little bit of help on assembling this event or this data object, we can always import
the event object or the event type from our common module.
Let's do that at the very top.
So I'm going to import the ticket updated event.
From.
My Command module.
Well, then use that to create our fake data objects.
So we'll say data is of type ticket.
Updated events.
I got ticket updated, right?
Yes, very good.
And specifically, we want to create an object that mirrors the data property on that thing.
So now we can mouse over data and that will give us some help on what we need to do here.
So we need the ID version titled Price User ID.
Well, the ID right here is going to be the same ID of the as the ticket that we had created just a
moment ago right here.
So for ID.
That will be ticketed.
Next up, a version.
So the version in this case, it needs to be whatever this thing's version is, plus one.
So we'll put in a version of the ticket's version plus one.
Next up, a title price and user ID.
So these will be the things we actually change in some way.
So we probably want to make sure that we provide either a different title, maybe a different price.
The user ID, as usual, we're not really making use of inside this order service, so we could throw
in some kind of imaginary user ID.
It doesn't really matter, but we should make sure that we provide some different title and some different
price because that's what we're going to eventually write an assertion around.
We're going to make sure that when we process this data object right here, we end up with whatever
this thing is, title and price.
Ah, so I will give this a title of new concerts.
So notice how it's different than the original title.
Not very different, but different enough.
And a price of how about 999?
I'll then throw in the user ID of whatever.
Again, we're not really using that, so not a big difference.
So I do not have an error around the data object anymore, which means that TypeScript is happy with
my definition of that data object.
Finally our fake message object.
So again, we will annotate this as a message.
The only function we care about on this thing is the act function.
We're going to make it a just mock function.
TypeScript is very unhappy with our definition of message right here.
We have not actually imported that.
Let's import that at the very top really quick.
Message from Node.
Net streaming.
That's better.
And now if we take a look, touch it, it's going to be really unhappy with our definition because we
are not defining all these other properties.
But again, we just don't care about them for the purposes of this test so we can.
Just 3 minutes.
Ignore and say, TypeScript, just don't sweat it.
We know what we're doing here.
And finally, we're going to return all this stuff that we just created.
It's all written inside of an object.
The message, the data object, the ticket that we created and saved.
And the listener as well.
The Message Data Ticket Listener.
Yeah.
That looks good.
So let's take a quick pause right here, and we will implement both our tests in just a moment.